Add note about `reaper_` prefix, add step-by-step (#35)
helgoboss/reaper-rs: README.md

}
```

> > **IMPORTANT:** Compiled REAPER Plug-in Extensions (IE, `.dll` files) must be prefixed with `reaper_` in order for REAPER to load them during startup. Naming the library `reaper_my_extension` in `Cargo.toml` will result in the compiled file being named `reaper_my_extension`, thus obeying this rule. If you rename your library, make sure that the compiled file placed in `REAPER/UserPlugins` is prefixed with `reaper_` before attempting to test it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important:** Compiled REAPER extension plug-ins (i.e. `.dll` files) must be prefixed with `reaper_` in order for REAPER to load them during startup - even on Linux and macOS, where library file names usually start with `lib`. On Windows, it's enough to name the library `reaper_my_extension` in `Cargo.toml` and it will result in the compiled file being named `reaper_my_extension`, thus obeying this rule. On Linux and macOS, you still need to remove the `lib` prefix. In any case, make sure that the compiled file placed in `REAPER_RESOURCE_PATH/UserPlugins` is prefixed with `reaper_` before attempting to test it!
```

The macro primarily exposes an `extern "C" ReaperPluginEntry()` function which calls
`reaper_low::bootstrap_extension_plugin()`. So if for some reason you don't want to use that
macro, have a look at the macro implementation. No magic there.

> #### Step-by-Step Instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Step-by-step instructions
```

The following instructions should result in a functional extension, loaded into REAPER on start:

> 1. Make a new directory for the project.

Reviewer: Steps 1 to 3 can be simplified by making use of `cargo new reaper-my-extension --lib`.

2. Copy the contents of the `Cargo.toml` above to the directory
3. Copy the contents of the `lib.rs` to `src/lib.rs` in the directory

> 4. From within the top-level of the newly created project directory (where the `Cargo.toml` resides),  run `cargo fetch` to fetch needed dependencies

Reviewer: `cargo fetch` is not necessary (this is just if you plan to go offline)

5. Run `cargo build` to generate the compiled plugin extension inside of the `target/debug` directory

> 6. Copy the plugin extension to the `REAPER/UserPlugins` directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Copy the extension plug-in to the `REAPER/UserPlugins` directory
```

    - You could do this manually, and overwrite the file after each build
    - Or, you could create a symbolic link from the `target/debug` file, to `REAPER/UserPlugins` so that they were synced

>         - To do this, on unix-based systems, run `ln -s ./target/debug/<name-of-the-compiled-extension-file> <path to REAPER/UserPlugins>`

Reviewer: Here it's explicitly necessary to give the link a name that starts with `reaper` (because by default it will start with `lib`, which AFAIK is not possible to prevent, although not 100% sure).

Author: I think this should be resolved with latest commit -- though take a call on wording there at your discretion =)
